# WMMT6RR Store Location Scraper
## Created by Damon Murdoch ([@SirScrubbington](https://twitter.com/SirScrubbington))

## Description

This script is a simple web scraping algorithm for retrieving the name, store id 
and street address of every arcade location stored on the Maximum Tune 6RR 
[official website](https://wanganmaxi-official.com/wanganmaxi6rr/en/). 
There are seperate scripts for scraping the stores from both the 
Japanese and International versions of the site.

### Version
The latest revision for this software is 1.0.

### Language
Python 3.x

### Date Created
Sunday, 2 July 2023 4:04:20 PM

## Configuration

There is a simple configuration file `config.py` which can be used to
modify the following settings across both scripts:

`DELAY`: This variable represents the delay in seconds between each query or request made to the website being scraped. It is used to control the rate at which the script sends requests to the website to avoid overwhelming the server or violating any usage policies. In this case, the delay is set to 2 seconds, meaning there will be a 2-second pause between consecutive requests.

`INDENT`: This variable determines the number of spaces used for indentation in the JSON output generated by the scraper scripts. It affects the readability and formatting of the JSON data when it is saved to a file. In this case, the JSON output will be indented using 2 spaces per level, resulting in a more structured and visually appealing JSON representation.

## Usage

To use the scraper-en.py and scraper-jp.py scripts, follow the instructions below:

### 1. Ensure Python is installed
Make sure you have Python 3.x installed on your system. You can download the 
latest version of Python from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/

### 2. Install Dependencies
Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you have saved 
the scripts. Then, install the required dependencies by running the following command:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

### 3. Customise Configuration (Optional)
Modify the configuration settings according to your requirements, such as 
adjusting the delay between queries or changing the output indentation.

### 4. Run the Script
Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you 
have saved the script. Then, execute the following command:

For scraper-en.py:
`python scraper-en.py`

For scraper-jp.py:
`python scraper-jp.py`

Please allow for about 2-3 minutes for the International version of the 
script to run, and about 5-6 minutes for the Japan version. The output 
JSON files will be saved in the respective output directories 
(out_en for scraper-en.py and out_jp for scraper-jp.py).

## Disclaimer

Web Scraping algorithms are incredibly useful for automating tedious
tasks, but please make sure to use this application responsibly. Making
frequent or an excessive number of requests can cause undue load on the
target web server, which is not the goal of this application.

## Future Changes
A list of future planned changes are listed below.

| Change Description | Priority |
| ------------------ | -------- | 
| No planned changes | -        |

### Problems or improvements
If you have any suggested fixes or improvements for this project, please 
feel free to open an issue [here](../../issues).

### Sponsor Me
If you would like to sponsor this project, please feel free to 
make a donation [here](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/sirsc).

